only activate one depth per pin?
- a lot of the bullshit breaks come from push chains
- it's also vastly more complicated

show total number of each depth in lock ("X remaining") - means depth reference should be a top level button

s/jam/bind


COST REBALANCING:
Move the pick card's break counter to be a larger, more visible indicator and cap it at 5

make cost 20 + 10/break

update denominations: 
small copper: 1
big copper: 2
small silver: 3
big silver: 5
small gold: 10
big gold: 20


also: pull picks from the starter decks and make the player buy more? (requires more picks in the shop)



THE BIG TWO QUESTIONS:

ONE: DO DEPTHS RE-TRIGGER?
This only affects push and bounce depths. Right now, Push is quite dangerous - especially because the current density, you wind up with push chains. Additionally, push/bounce structures represent the current hurdle in the game - push push bounce bounce requires a crush depth, another line up, and a 3 push to clear. All the most bewildering things to happen are push/bounce chain related.

The cost of this mechanic:
- a latent riskiness and fuzziness
- a lot more complexity.

What's the return?
- possible emergent complexity (although I'm not sure you couldn't recreate any push/bounce structure with another one with extra break depths - this does encourage new depths)

This does make push a helpful depth (especially if you remove it's break on oob), and aligns it with bounce. Bounce is less effected, because half the time it does nothing - bouncing back to beginning.


DO DEPTHS FIRE AFTER TEST/REVEAL/JAM?
If the above resolves "no", then the follow-on: do you delay activation until after your whole pick executes? 

First, acknowledge: this is painful. You've done a lot of work to support this in a way that's cool and effective. You can both be sad, but also respect what has happened.

But let's talk about what you get and what you lose. 

Gain: very easy explanation of things. You use a pick, it does all its things. Then every pin that's touched activates. Done.

Lose: some jam mechanics (but only for the jam depth)


SHOULD YOU REMOVE EARLY UNLOCKS?
(or replace them with a super-push)

- yes, probably